1. Exercise 1:
Identify the list of candidate words using Trie structure for the misspelled word. Find the minimum
edit distance and choose the correct word based on the context.

2. Exercise 2: 
Sentimental analysis 
Dataset :  https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/abhi8923shriv/sentiment-analysis-dataset

3. Exercise 3: 
Application: Extractive Text Summarization

4. Exercise 4: 
Application: Hate Speech Identification
Dataset : https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/mrmorj/hate-speech-and-offensive-language-dataset

5. Exercise 5:
Application: Hate Speech Identification
Dataset: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/abhinavwalia95/entity-annotated-corpus

6. Exercise 6:
Application: Keyword Extraction

7. Exercise 7: 
Sentence compression 

9. Exercise 9: 
Machine Translation
---------------------------------------------------

Question – 1 
Build a language generation model that can read an input document and generate few more sentences that can provide addition details on the same context. 

Question – 2 
Build a language generation model that can generate headline for the given input document. (Perform syntactic and semantic analysis on the input)

Question – 3
Build a summarization model that can generate abstractive summary (word count exactly 100) for any input document.

Question – 4
Build a classification model that can detect the offensive sentence. Identify the offensive token and replace it with a non-offensive one.

Question – 5
Build a classification model that is trained on the dataset: “News-Headlines-Dataset-For-Sarcasm” to perform sarcasm detection and rephrase the sarcasm headlines to a non-sarcasm content.
ref: https://www.kaggle.com/code/anaidalewis/nlp-miniproject-sarcasm-detection

Question – 6 
Build a model that reads Tamil-English code-mixed input and translates into English text without any contextual change.

Question – 7
Build a question answering model that reads a document, frames a question and generates suitable answers. (Note: Answers should not be extracted from the input). 

Question – 8 
Build a model that gets English sentence as an input, identifies the tense of it and convert in to another tense. 

---------------------------------------------------



PIPELINE FOR NLP PROJECT

Explain the pipeline for developing sentiment analysis task.
▪ Perform cleaning and preprocessing of text.
▪ Generate representations using:
• Bag of Words
• TF-IDF
• Continuous Bag of Words
• Skip gram
• Word2Vec.
▪ Classify the data using appropriate machine learning techniques to generate labels.
▪ Analyze the labels and explain the impact of embedding techniques in misclassification.
▪ Discuss the limitations of each embedding technique and explain the techniques that rectify it. 